1. General
1.1 How Did You Hear About Us?

1.2 Have you previously worked for [XXX]? If Yes, please answer the questions below. If No, please continue to the next page.(YES/NO)

1.3 Legal Name
First Name:
Middle Name:
Last Name:

1.4 Preferred Name
First Name:
Middle Name:
Last Name:

1.5 Address
Address Line 1:
Address Line 2:
City:
State:
Postal Code:
County:

2. Work Experience

2.1 Work Experience 1
Job Title:
Company:
Location:

From: MM/YYYY
To: MM/YYYY
Role Description:

2.2 Work Experience 2
Job Title:
Company:
Location:

From: MM/YYYY
To: MM/YYYY
Role Description:

3. Education

3.1 Education 1
School or University:
Degree:
Field of Study:

Overall Result (GPA):
From: MM/YYYY
To: MM/YYYY

4. Languages
4.1 Languages 1
Language:
Overal (Beginner/Classroom Study/Intermediate/Advanced/Fluent):
4.2 Languages 2
Language:
Overal (Beginner/Classroom Study/Intermediate/Advanced/Fluent):

5. Skills
Skill list (limit to 10): 

6. Websites
Add any relevant websites. Format should be: http://
Websites 1:
Websites 2:
Websites 1:

7. Eligibility
7.1 Are you eligible to work in the country in which this position is located? (YES/NO): 
7.2 Will you now or in the future require sponsorship for employment visa status? (YES/NO):
7.3 If so, what type of Visa?:
7.4 I would like to be part of the [XXX] Talent Community, and receive information about opportunities with [XXX]? (YES/NO):

8. Affliations or Organizations involved: (Afro Tech, Code2040, Fairygodboss, Girls Who Code, half the sky, Lesbians Who Tech, MyGwork, National Action Council for Minorities Engineering - NACME, Power to Fly, SMASH Rising, Society of Women Engineers, Students Rising Above - SRA, The Hidden Genius Project, Blacks in Tech, STEM Women)
9. Voluntary Disclosures
U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Personal Data Statement (Voluntary Self-Identification)

(Basic Notice)
Autodesk values all dimensions of diversity. At Autodesk, we’re building a diverse workplace and an inclusive culture to give more people the chance to imagine, design, and make a better world.  
As a federal contractor or subcontractor, Autodesk is subject to certain record-keeping and reporting regulations for data on diversity and affirmative action.  
These regulations require us to invite candidates to self-identify their gender and race/ethnicity. 
Any information that you choose to provide will not be considered by Autodesk for employment purposes, will be treated as personal and confi­dential, and will only be used to further our Belonging & Diversity efforts in accordance with applicable federal laws and regulations, including those which require the information to be summarized and reported to the federal government for civil rights enforcement purposes. 
Your volun­tary cooperation is appreciated.
Autodesk is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and considers all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status or any other legally protected characteristic.

9.1 Please identify your veteran status (I IDENTIFY AS ONE OR MORE OF THE CLASSIFICATIONS OF PROTECTED VETERANS LISTED ABOVE, I IDENTIFY AS A VETERAN, I AM NOT A VETERAN, I DO NOT WISH TO SELF-IDENTIFY).

9.2 Are you Hispanic or Latino? (Yes/No):

9.3 Please select your ethnicity (Asian/Black or African American/ White/ Two or more races/ Native Hawaiian/ Pacific Islanders/ Hispanic or Latino:

9.4 Please select your gender (Male/Female/Other):

9.5 Have you read and acknowledge Autodesk’s Candidate Privacy Statement? (Yes/No):

10 Self Identify
* Indicates a required field
Language (English/Spanish): 

Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability
Form: CC-305
OMB Control Number: 1250-0005
Expires: [XX/XX/XXXX]

10. 1 Name: 
10. 2 Employee ID (if applicable):
10. 3 Date: MM/DD/YYYY
Why are you being asked to complete this form?
We are a federal contractor or subcontractor required by law to provide equal employment opportunity to qualified people with disabilities.  We are also required to measure our progress toward having at least 7% of our workforce be individuals with disabilities.  To do this, we must ask applicants and employees if they have a disability or have ever had a disability.  Because a person may become disabled at any time, we ask all of our employees to update their information at least every five years. 

Identifying yourself as an individual with a disability is voluntary, and we hope that you will choose to do so.  Your answer will be maintained confidentially and not be seen by selecting officials or anyone else involved in making personnel decisions.  Completing the form will not negatively impact you in any way, regardless of whether you have self-identified in the past.  For more information about this form or the equal employment obligations of federal contractors under Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act, visit the U.S. Department of Labor’s Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp.
How do you know if you have a disability?
You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a history or record of such an impairment or medical condition. Disabilities include, but are not limited to:

• Autism
• Autoimmune disorder, for example, lupus, fibromyalgia, rheumatoid arthritis, or HIV/AIDS
• Blind or low vision
• Cancer
• Cardiovascular or heart disease
• Celiac disease
• Cerebral palsy
• Deaf or hard of hearing
• Depression or anxiety
• Diabetes
• Epilepsy
• Gastrointestinal disorders, for example, Crohn's Disease, or irritable bowel syndrome
• Intellectual disability
• Missing limbs or partially missing limbs
• Nervous system condition for example, migraine headaches, Parkinson's disease, or Multiple sclerosis (MS)
• Psychiatric condition, for example, bipolar disorder, schizophrenia, PTSD, or major depression



10.4 Do you have a Disability (Yes, I Have A Disability / Or Have A History/Record Of Having A Disability / No, I Don't Have A Disability / Or A History/Record Of Having A Disability / I Don’t Wish To Answer):


PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT:  According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.
Follow Us
